In the last video we successfully solved the syntax
highlight issue after cancel editing the question
by replacing the v-if in the question
component with v-show directive.
Here we also call highlight all under method that is
used to re-scan all code under a certain element
and apply the syntax highlight.
But actually we don't need to call this method in this case
because remember v-show will keep the elements stay
in the DOM.
That means when the page firstly loaded the element
will get rendered and all code inside it will get
highlighted or presented beautifully by prism js
so when we hit the edit button
this element will stay in place but it only invisible
because vue js add css display property
to none. And then when we hit the cancel button this
element will be visible and because there is no
change we made the element will not need to be rendered.
That's why calling the highlight all under
method is completely useless in this case.
Meanwhile after updating the question or answer because
we possibly make any changes so that the element
will get rendered.
That's why we will need these lines. And in order
to implement DRY principle we'll put these lines
into mixins.
All right let's cut this navigate to mixins folder.
Now here instead of putting the previous code
in this modification mixing we'll put it in another
mixin. The reason why we do this is because we
need it not only in question and answer components
but also in New answer or answers component.
That's why we'll put the code in separate mixin.
Okay let's create a new file
here I'll call it highlight dot js
in this file
let's add export
default then here let's add methods property
inside this methods
property let's define a new method to put
the previous code here I'll call it highlight
and inside this method I'll paste the code
let's also move the import statement from
this question component into our mixin
now we can merge one mixin to another
one like so. I'll open the modification mixin
import the highlight mixin
then here let's add mixins
and put the highlight mixin in array.
Now we can call this method in update method
so here we can check in with another then method
and inside here we can call the highlight method.
All right
let's save all changes. Back to our browser
reload the page
hit the edit button.
Here we get another issue.
The text area no longer auto size.
We'll fix this shortly
for now let's hit the cancel button
OK
The syntax highlights still in there.
Now I'll hit the edit button one more time
I'll modify something here.
Hit update.
The syntax highlight not working.
Let me see my code.
Sorry I missed the parenthesis.
reload the page.
edit the question
modify something here
and then I'll update.
Great.
The code is still highlighting.
Now let's fix the auto size issue.
Let's often the M editor component
here because the parent component
in this case Question.vue will not re-rendered
when we hit the edit button. Here
we don't need this mounted hook anymore. So let's remove
these lines
reload the page.
Hit the edit button. OK
Now the auto size still working great.
In the next video we'll be implementing this mechanism
in this answer component. So let's commit all
changes to our git repo.